update readme (#4)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-xaf-how-to-generate-a-sequential-and-user-friendly-identifier-field-within-an-xpo-business: Readme.md

Orders, articles, or other business entities often require that you have user-friendly **Id** or **Code** fields that end-users can memorize and use during phone conversations. They are usually sequential, but some gaps can be allowed as well, for example, when an order is deleted. Refer to <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5924499/"><u>this StackOverFlow thread</u></a> for more information on this common scenario and a possible implementation.

![image](https://github.com/AndreyKozhevnikov/XAF_how-to-generate-a-sequential-and-user-friendly-identifier-field-within-an-xpo-business-e4904/assets/14300209/ce3ceb11-6d4e-41e1-998b-67cce936ad9b)

## Implementation Details

> 1. Add a new business class to your platform-agnostic module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new business class to the **YourSolutionName.Module** project.

```

Orders, articles, or other business entities often require that you have user-friendly **Id** or **Code** fields that end-users can memorize and use during phone conversations. They are usually sequential, but some gaps can be allowed as well, for example, when an order is deleted. Refer to <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5924499/"><u>this StackOverFlow thread</u></a> for more information on this common scenario and a possible implementation.

![image](https://github.com/AndreyKozhevnikov/XAF_how-to-generate-a-sequential-and-user-friendly-identifier-field-within-an-xpo-business-e4904/assets/14300209/ce3ceb11-6d4e-41e1-998b-67cce936ad9b)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Implementation Details

1. Add a new business class to your platform-agnostic module.

> 2. In the `OnSaving` method, call the static `DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.DistributedIdGeneratorHelper.Generate` method. For example: [TestUserFriendlyCodeObject](CS/SequentalGenerator/SequentalGenerator.Module/BusinessObjects/TestUserFriendlyCodeObject.cs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the `OnSaving` method, call the static `DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.DistributedIdGeneratorHelper.Generate` method. Refer to the following file for an example: [TestUserFriendlyCodeObject](CS/SequentalGenerator/SequentalGenerator.Module/BusinessObjects/TestUserFriendlyCodeObject.cs)
```

   > You can use any strings as the `seqType` and `serverPrefix` (optional) parameters that allow you to run named sequences in parallel. These parameters determine criteria for updating right sequences. The demo uses the full persistent type name and a custom prefix that you can change: 
   >
   > ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14300209/231965953-7cddcda3-4e13-495c-8392-e3cf5b4e9b04.png)

  
   

> ## Additional information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Information

```

   > You can use any strings as the `seqType` and `serverPrefix` (optional) parameters that allow you to run named sequences in parallel. These parameters determine criteria for updating right sequences. The demo uses the full persistent type name and a custom prefix that you can change: 
   >
   > ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14300209/231965953-7cddcda3-4e13-495c-8392-e3cf5b4e9b04.png)

  
   
## Additional Information

  

> 1. The `DistributedIdGeneratorHelper` class demonstrated in this solution creates the **IDGeneratorTable** table to store the information about the last sequential number of a type. You can learn more on how this works from its source code at _C:\Program Files\DevExpress 2X.X\Components\Sources\DevExpress.Persistent\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.Xpo\IDGenerator.cs_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The `DistributedIdGeneratorHelper` class demonstrated in this solution creates the **IDGeneratorTable** table to store the information about the last sequential number of a type. You can find more information on how this works from its source code at _C:\Program Files\DevExpress 2X.X\Components\Sources\DevExpress.Persistent\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.Xpo\IDGenerator.cs_. 

```
